Updates for both Jubrunr and Spring Boot 3 (#303)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: axon-framework/deadlines/deadline-managers.md

  This allows canceling a deadline by name from differing scopes then the one it's executed in.

> **Caveats for the JobRunr implementation.**
> 

> > Since JobRunr has no way to search for search deadlines, besides by id, all of the `cancelAll` methods are not implemented for the `JobRunrDeadlineManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since JobRunr has no way to search for deadlines, besides by id, all of the `cancelAll` methods are not implemented for the `JobRunrDeadlineManager`.
```

```

Note that the current timestamp is automatically added to the EventMessage. If handlers only need to rely on the timestamp the event was published, they can access that timestamp directly, as described in [Handling Events](../events/event-handlers.md).

> > **Spring Configuration**

Reviewer: I think the notation of this section would be nicer to make it an actual section instead of a comment.

So, adjust the following line like so:
```suggestion
## Configuration
```

And, remove all the `>` before every sentence.

Next to adjust the way it's provided, I would also provide a non-Spring configuration approach. So, through using the `Configurer#registerComponent` method in something like this:
```java
public class AxonConfig {
    // omitting other configuration methods...
    public void registerDeadlineManager(Configurer configurer, JobScheduler scheduler) {
        configurer.registerComponent(
                DeadlineManager.class,
                config -> JobRunrDeadlineManager.builder()
                                                .jobScheduler(scheduler)
                                                .scopeAwareProvider(config.scopeAwareProvider())
                                                .serializer(config.eventSerializer())
                                                .transactionManager(config.getComponent(
                                                        TransactionManager.class
                                                ))
                                                .spanFactory(config.spanFactory())
                                                .build()
        );
    }
}
```

>
> Spring Boot users will need to define a `DeadlineManager` bean using one of the available implementations. 
>
> Spring Boot users which want to use the JobRunr deadline managers can add [`jobrunr-spring-boot-starter`](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jobrunr/jobrunr-spring-boot-starter) as dependency.
> The needed bean configuration should look like:
> ```java
> @Bean
> public DeadlineManager deadlineManager(
>         @Qualifier("eventSerializer") final Serializer serializer,
>         final JobScheduler jobScheduler,
>         final ScopeAwareProvider scopeAwareProvider,

> >         final TransactionManager transactionManager,

Reviewer: Don't forget the `SpanFactory`!

```

Note that the current timestamp is automatically added to the EventMessage. If handlers only need to rely on the timestamp the event was published, they can access that timestamp directly, as described in [Handling Events](../events/event-handlers.md).

## Configuration

> >
> > Spring Boot users will need to define a `DeadlineManager` bean using one of the available implementations. 
> >
> > Spring Boot users which want to use the JobRunr deadline managers can add [`jobrunr-spring-boot-starter`](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jobrunr/jobrunr-spring-boot-starter) as dependency.
> > The needed bean configuration should look like:
> > ```java
> > @Bean
> > public DeadlineManager deadlineManager(
> >         @Qualifier("eventSerializer") final Serializer serializer,
> >         final JobScheduler jobScheduler,
> >         final ScopeAwareProvider scopeAwareProvider,
> >         final TransactionManager transactionManager,
> >         final Spanfactory spanfactory
> > ) {
> >     return JobRunrDeadlineManager.builder()
> >             .jobScheduler(jobScheduler)
> >             .scopeAwareProvider(scopeAwareProvider)
> >             .serializer(serializer)
> >             .transactionManager(transactionManager)
> >             .spanFactory(spanfactory)
> >             .build();
> > }
> > ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Spring Boot users will need to define a `DeadlineManager` bean using one of the available implementations. 

Spring Boot users who want to use the JobRunr deadline managers can add [`jobrunr-spring-boot-starter`](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jobrunr/jobrunr-spring-boot-starter) as a dependency.
The needed bean configuration should look like this:

```java
@Bean
public DeadlineManager deadlineManager(
        @Qualifier("eventSerializer") final Serializer serializer,
        final JobScheduler jobScheduler,
        final ScopeAwareProvider scopeAwareProvider,
        final TransactionManager transactionManager,
        final Spanfactory spanfactory
) {
    return JobRunrDeadlineManager.builder()
            .jobScheduler(jobScheduler)
            .scopeAwareProvider(scopeAwareProvider)
            .serializer(serializer)
            .transactionManager(transactionManager)
            .spanFactory(spanfactory)
            .build();
}
```
```
